## Example Schedule for Understand

#### Team intros *(15min)*

Introduce the design sprint team, announce the Product Owner and acknowledge the
others involved with the project but not participating in the design sprint.

#### Intro to the Design Sprint Process *(5min)*

High Level overview and goals of each day. Set expectations about how we might
feel at certain steps in the process.

There are many uses for a design sprint. At the core a design sprint is about
quickly and collaboratively using design thinking to solve problems.

#### Intro to Day 1: Understand *(5min)*

Day 1 is about developing a common understanding of the context within which we
are working and all the elements in that context (the problem, the business, the
customer, the value prop/hypothesis, success, etc). Our goal is to expose risky
knowledge gaps and identify risky assumptions so that we can make plans for
reducing those risks and move forward confident we are heading in the right
direction. Also, by gather info we will empower our decision making abilities
and eliminate the need for guesswork later on.

#### [Problem Statement](../Exercises/problem-statement.md) *(20min)*

Identifying the problem will help to determine if there is a problem, if that
problem is solvable, and how to solve that problem. This step will be the first
step to answering this question: What is this product, and is it useful?

#### [Start an Assumptions Board](../Exercises/assumptions.md) *(30min)*

Throughout the day and rest of the week we will ask questions we don’t have
answers to and identify assumptions we are relying on. We will capture these
‘Assumptions’ on a board for later organization and analysis.


#### [Start a Back-burner Board](../Exercises/back-burner.md) *(10min)*

We will also be generating a lot of ideas throughout the week. Some of the ideas
will be pertinent to the tasks at hand, but others, although interesting, won’t
be. We will capture these good but not immediately relevant ‘back-burner ideas’
on a sticky note board.

#### [Pitch Practice](../Exercises/pitch-practice.md) *(15min)*

The product owner should walk the sprint team through the business opportunity
and market. The repetition of this process throughout the design sprint helps to
reinforce an understanding of the essential value of the product.

#### Existing research *(10min)*

Quickly identify existing research the client has done and determine when that
research can be brought back during the definitions section of the day.

#### Definitions: The Business & The Customer *(1hr)*

#### Definitions: The problem, The Value Prop, Success *(1hr)*

#### Business Model Canvas *(30min)*

#### Lightning Demos *(45min)*

#### Expert Perspectives *(30min)*

Identify existing research and other perspectives that would provide valuable
insights and info.

##### Daily Recap *(30min)*

Consolidate notes and write daily summary.
